MCLOUD-7185: [Magento Cloud] 2FA issues after database sync from prod to stage (#8704)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/live/stage-prod-migrate.md

1. Create a database dump file in `gzip` format:

   ```bash
   mysqldump -h <database host> --user=<database username> --password=<password> --single-transaction --triggers <database name> | gzip - > /tmp/database.sql.gz
   ```

   For Starter environments and Pro Integration environments, use `main` as the name of the database.

   For Pro Staging and Production environments, the name of the database is in the `MAGENTO_CLOUD_RELATIONSHIPS` variable (typically the same as the application name and username).

>    If you have configured two-factor authentication it's better to exclude related tables to avoid reconfiguring it after database migration:

Reviewer: Suggestion for additional clarity.
```suggestion
   If you have configured two-factor authentication on the target environment, it is better to exclude related 2FA tables to avoid reconfiguring it after database migration:
```
